Update readme to detail JWT token requirement for get exchanges endpoint auth (#216)
TBD54566975/tbdex: specs/http-api/README.md

## List Exchanges

### Description
Returns an array of tbdex message arrays (a list of exchanges)

### Endpoint
`GET /exchanges`

### Authentication

> A tbdex http client must send an Http Auth Header in the form of a JWT `Bearer` token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tbdex http client MUST set the HTTP [Authorization Header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Authorization) in order to be authenticated. The value of the header MUST use the [Bearer Authentication Scheme] as defined in [RFC 6750](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750), and the access token MUST be a JWT.
```

> A tbdex http client must send an Http Auth Header in the form of a JWT `Bearer` token.

Author: referencing rfc6750 per this [other comment](https://github.com/TBD54566975/tbdex/pull/216#discussion_r1437097719)

> The JWT must consist of JWS header and JWT payload containing the below fields, and signed by the client's DID.

Reviewer: Aligning with the terminology as defined in https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519#section-2. 

Also making it clear how the signing happens. It sounds super confusing, so may I could see it being separated into another section (or simply removed)

```suggestion
The JWT must consist of JOSE header and JWT Claims Set containing the below fields, and signed using the verification material contained in a verification method that's published as the authentication verification relationship within the client's published DID document.
```

Author: thank you! that's quite thorough, but also a bit confusing to read to me too. i'll look into how i can re-work this.

> #### JWS Header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JOSE Header
```

Author: I'd prefer to leave this as JWS header, because from what I'm reading, JOSE can include many kinds of headers like JWS, JWE, JWK, and JWA.

But, to describe the request token header, I want to specify that it must be a `JWS` header, which must include `alg`, `typ`, and `kid` fields.

| Param  | Value | Description | 
|--------|-------|-------------|
| `typ`  | `JWT` | Token type  |
| `alg`  | `HS256` | Algorithm |
| `kid`  | `did:dht:alice...#dwn-sig` | Key ID of the sender's DID |

> #### JWS Payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JWT Claims Set
```

| Param  | Value | Description | 
|--------|-------|-------------|
| `aud`  | `did:dht:pfi` | DID of the audience (i.e. PFI DID)  |
| `iss`  | `did:dht:alice` | DID of the issuer (i.e. Alice DID) |
| `exp`  | `1703222687` | Time when the JWT expires. 1 minute after issuance  |
| `iat`  | `1703222795` | Time when the JWT was issued. |

> | `jti`  |  `0189f7e5-c883-7106-8272-ccb7fcba0575` | Unique identifier for the JWT. Used to prevent reply attacks. Must be uuidv7. |

Author: > It's unclear to me how this would prevent replay attacks

@mistermoe and i chatted about this briefly. If the PFI wanted to prevent replay attacks, they'd want to keep the `jti` fields of each request in a cache / log, and check whether the same `jti` fields are sent by subsequent requests. If a token with same `jti` is sent again, then this could be an attacker using the same token to perform actions not intended by the original token sender.

To reduce the amount of `jti` the PFI would have to store at any given time, we also have `exp` field in the claimsset, which we've tentatively set to 1 min from current time. A PFI could implement a TTL cache so that any expired token falls off the cache automatically.

> Who is responsible for generating this nonce?

We would apply this spec to building tbdex http-client library, specifically, in the implementation of `TbdexHttpClient.generateRequestToken()` method, which generates a Bearer JWT token which is then used to make a call to, say, `TbdexHttpClient.getExchanges()`.

> How does the verifier (i.e. the PFI) know/trust the method used for the nonce generation?

In tbdex http-client, we were thinking of using an open source uuidv7 generation library. I was looking at [this one](https://github.com/f4b6a3/uuid-creator?tab=readme-ov-file) for tbdex http-client in kotlin.

> | `jti`  |  `0189f7e5-c883-7106-8272-ccb7fcba0575` | Unique identifier for the JWT. Used to prevent reply attacks. Must be uuidv7. |

Reviewer: Thanks for the details!

It would appear to me that an attacker can still replay the message by waiting long enough for the cache to evict the token. Am I understanding this correctly?

Without understanding the details, I think this is being used to guarantee idempotency. A side effect of idempotency on an endpoint is that replay attacks become meaningless. Is the motivation here to address idempotency of the api, to prevent replay attacks, or to solve both?

> | `jti`  |  `0189f7e5-c883-7106-8272-ccb7fcba0575` | Unique identifier for the JWT. Used to prevent reply attacks. Must be uuidv7. |

Author: > an attacker can still replay the message by waiting long enough for the cache to evict the token

they could, but during the `verifyRequestToken()` stage after the PFI receives the token for an endpoint, the cache check would not prevent the replay since it will have fallen off the cache, but an expiry check would still prevent the replay. i wrote a bit more about what verifyRequestToken does [here](https://github.com/TBD54566975/tbdex/pull/216/files#diff-1ab7678648ffe33c3535373210080ab41cd2c38573890fdfcf008700ef14c3c7R215-R218)

the motivation here is to solve for both idempotency and replay attack prevention
